Add docs for github sync environment secrets (#28175)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/sync/github.mdx

  </CodeBlockConfig>

>   Configure an environment sync destination:
> 
>   ```shell-session
>   $ vault write sys/sync/destinations/gh/my-dest \
>       access_token="$ACCESS_TOKEN" \
>       repository_owner="$OWNER" \
>       repository_name="$NAME"
>       environment_name="$ENVIRONMENT"
>   ```
> 
>   **Output:**
> 
>   <CodeBlockConfig hideClipboard>
> 
>   ```plaintext
>   Key                   Value
>   ---                   -----
>   connection_details    map[access_token:***** environment_name:<environment> repository_owner:<owner> repository_name:<name>]
>   name                  my-dest
>   type                  gh
>   ```
> 
>   </CodeBlockConfig>

Reviewer: ````suggestion
  Use `vault write` to configure an environment sync destination:

  ```shell-session
  $ vault write sys/sync/destinations/gh/DESTINATION_NAME \
      access_token="GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN"                  \
      repository_owner="GITHUB_OWNER_NAME"                \
      repository_name="GITHUB_REPO_NAME"                  \
      environment_name="GITHUB_ENVIRONMENT_NAME"
  ```
  
  For example:

  <CodeBlockConfig hideClipboard>
  
  ```
  $ vault write sys/sync/destinations/gh/hcrepo-sandbox       \
      access_token="0000000000000000000000000000000000000000" \
      repository_owner="hashicorp"                            \
      repository_name="hcrepo"                                \
      environment_name="sandbox"

  Key                   Value
  ---                   -----
  connection_details    map[access_token:***** environment_name:sandbox repository_owner:hashicorp repository_name:hcrepo]
  name                  hcrepo-sandbox
  type                  gh
  ```

  </CodeBlockConfig>

````

Unless it's required or best practice to use environment variables for a particular parameter (like `${VAULT_ADDR}), we should use placeholders for the parameter values and then (if it makes sense) provide an actual example command with realistic values.

1. Create secrets you wish to sync with a target GitHub repository for Actions.

  ```shell-session

>   $ vault kv put -mount='my-kv' my-secret foo='bar' baz='quux'

Reviewer: It would helpful for readers if we used more meaningful values for the command parameters

<Note>

> GitHub only supports single-value secrets. By default, GitHub destinations use a
> [granularity level](/vault/docs/sync#granularity) of `secret-key` so that KVv2 secrets from Vault will be split
> where key-value pairs are stored as distinct entries in GitHub secrets. If a granularity level of `secret-path` is
> chosen insteaad, the secret will be stored as a JSON string with each key-value pair contained within.
> 
> In the example above, the value for secret "my-secret" will be synced to GitHub as the JSON string
> `{"foo":"bar", "baz":"quux"}` if the destination is configured to use the `secret-path` granularity level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub only supports single-value secrets and stores secrets differently,
depending on whether you have configured
`secret-key` or `secret-path` [granularity](/vault/docs/sync#granularity):

- `secret-key` granularity splits KVv2 secrets from Vault into key-value pairs
  and stores the pairs as distinct entries in GitHub secrets. For example,
  `secrets.foo="bar"` and `secrets.baz="quux"`.
- `secret-path` granularity stores secrets as a single JSON string that contains
  all of the associated key-value pairs. For example, `{"foo":"bar", "baz":"quux"}`.
```
Style correction: write in active voice, provide examples for all cases whenever possible.
